{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Consolas;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green176\blue240;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\f0\fs24 Welcome to DiaBase - Item Database Application \par
\par
Here we answer your likely Questions.\par
\b0\par
\b What is this program for?\par
\cf2 DiaBase\b0  is an application designed for Etal Users to locate their items fast.\par
\par
\cf1\b Who created this program?\par
\cf2\b0 AussieHack began the concept in late 2011 as an attempt to keep track of endless items and confusing random generated automule names, accounts and passes. He created several betas which were functional and met his needs nicely so decided to share his work with others.\par
\par
Ned joined the project at the implementation of Version 6 and initially contributed by assisting with essential etal script modifications and some additional coding to make the application easier to implement and gain more item details. \par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 JamieHutber joined as Lead Tester at the implementation of Version 7 and assists with trials, debugging and concept development.\cf0\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf2\f0\par
AussieHack and Ned have decided to redevelop the application almost from scratch and have rewritten the majority of the code. This time round they have attempted to bring a unique looking application with a Distinct Diablo 2 theme.\par
\par
\cf1\b How do I set up the program?\par
\cf2 DiaBase\b0  will set itself up automatically and requires only a few user input settings to get started. \b DiaBase\b0  will create folders needed and Default.txt database file on first run.\par
\par
You will find three files in the Extras folder of this program\par
\par
\tab NTPickUp.ntj - used for automulingsystem\par
\tab NTMuleLogging.ntj - used for ntmulelogs\par
\tab NTDiaBaseMule.ntj - used to create import logs\par
These MUST to be place into the right folders...\par
\par
\tab D2NT\\scripts\\NTAms\\NTPickUp.ntj\par
\tab D2NT\\scripts\\NTBot\\bots\\NTMuleLogging.ntj\par
\par
The third file, NTDiaBaseMule can be used as an entry point at any time to create DiaBase import logs. \par
This can be very hand when you need to import on demand.\par
\par
\par
\cf1\b How Do I Add Items To The Database?\par
\cf2\b0 The mainstream and intended way to fill your database is via the auto import method however can also manually add items. In other words you dont have to use the automuling system to make use of this application. To manually add or edit items select the desired option from the "Items" tab in the menu bar. \par
\par
If adding an item an new item form will display. Simply enter the fields you want and ignore the rest. The only required field is the item name, you cannot add an item unless it has a valid name. \par
When adding multiple items check the "Add Another Item" checkbox at the bottom of the form to keep the form open after saving each completed item.\par
\par
If editing an existing item a similar form will open containing the items field entrys. Simply edit the relevant fields and save to update the item record.\b\par
\b0\par
\par
\cf1\b How do I find items im looking for?\par
\cf2\b0 The easiest and quickest way to reference items is to use the search engine located in the top left corner of the main form.\par
As an example the following steps will match all Unique Quality items in the database. \par
\par
1) First select "Item Quality" in the "Search This Field" box. \par
2) Next set the "Operator" box to "Equal To"\par
3) Then select "Unique" in the "Word Or Phrase" Box \par
4) Set the "Exact Match" and "Refine Search" checkboxes to unchecked.\par
5) Finally press the "Search Now" Button.\par
\par
If any items in the database match the search criteria then their names will be added to the search list (select the "Search List" tab to display). If a search is successful the search list will display automatically.\par
\par
\cf1\b Can I add extra criteria to a search?\b0\par
\cf2 You can use the "Refine Search" function to apply new searches to prior matched items. In other words when "Refine Search" is checked the search is only applied to already matched items in the "Search List" instead of all items in the entire database.\par
This will allow you to indefinetly stack search criteria which means you can group items more precisely as you add new critera to successful searches.\par
For the next example we will search for all items that have a defense bonus within the Unique Items group we matched in the first example. \par
\par
1) First complete the unique search example. \par
2) Then once you have matches in the search list check the "Refine Search" checkbox. \par
3) Next we will select "Unique Attributes" in the "Search This Field" box. \par
4) Keep the "Operator" box set to "Equal To". \par
5) Then type "defense" into the "Word Or Phrase" box. \par
6) Finally press the "Search Now" button to apply the new criteria.\par
\par
Any items that dont meet the new criteria will be removed from the search list. There is no limit to how many individual serches you can apply to any given search list.\par
\par
\cf1\b Exactly how exact is an 'Exact Match'?\par
\cf2\b0 When the 'Exact Match' checkbox is checked the search engine will test for word structure as well as character casing. Basically what you enter into the "Word Or Phrase" box must be identical to what you want to find.\par
For example if you want to find "+20 Defense" in the Unique Attibutes field you must enter "Defense" into the "Word Or Phrase" box and "20" into the "Value" box exactly.\par
\par
If the "Exact Match" checkbox is unchecked then the search engine is more open to matches. Character casing is no longer considered and what you enter into the "Word or Phrase" box only has to exist somewhere within the field you are searching. So in the above example '+20 Def' or even just 'def' would pass as a match also.\par
\par
Exact match is an optional feature designed to help keep unexpected matches out of your search list. Most searches however will work fine with exact match unchecked.\par
\par
\cf1\b How do I use the Greater or Less Than operators?\par
\cf2\b0 These operators only apply to value or number (integer) fields such as Required Level, Chance To Block and Weapon Damage. They cannot be applied to string or word fileds such as Attack Speed, Item Name or Item Base.\par
\par
You can however apply a string and value search together when searching the Unique Attributes Block, identified by  any statistics on an item that is coloured blue in the Statistic Window. This allows you to search for values such as all items with a Defense bonus higher than 20, or lower than 20, or equal to, and so on. When used in conjunction with "Refine Search" your ability to group items in or out of the search list is greatly increased.\par
 \par
Say we wanted to do a value search for all items that a level 20 character could use, then we would use the less than operator and search for a value of 20 within the 'Required Level' field. All items that match will be below level 20.\par
\par
Now as a step out example we will group all items that have an Enhanced Defense value greater that 10 in their Unique Attributes Block. \par
\par
1) Fist select "Unique Attributes" in the "Search This Field" box. \par
2) Next select "Greater Than" in the "Operator" Box  \par
3) Then in the "Search For" box enter "enhanced def".\par
4) Set "Exact Match" unchecked.\par
5) Then Enter "10" in the value box. \par
6) Hit the "Search Now" button.\par
\par
\cf1\b Can I apply more that one operator to a search?\b0\par
\cf2 If you need to include more than one opreator in your search argument, say "Greater Than 10 and Less Than 20 but Not Equal To 15" you can use the "Refine Search" method explained above. \par
Note however that for this to be successful each search operator MUST be applied in logical order. Usually the easiest way to figure the logic order out is to put the operators into a sentence as in the last paragraph and apply them in this order.\par
\b\par
\cf1 How Does The Trade List Work?\cf2\par
\b0  The Trade List is designed to make posting items to trade sites as easy as possible. Items can be added to the trade list from both the Main List and Search List using their right click context menues.\par
Item stats are automatically abbreviated into common forum text as they are added.\par
Use the trade lists right click context menu to copy or append the list to the clipboard. then simply paste it onto your preffered trade site.\par
\b\par
\par
\cf1 Will there be regular updates?\par
\cf2\b0 In the near future yes but as time goes on, this may change depending on our and user interest.\par
\par
\cf1\b How often should I backup?\par
\cf2\b0 Regularly, if ever an error is created in the database file you will be rewarded by having regular backups. There is an easy to use automated backup system intergrated into the application. Be sure to take full advantage of it. Remember this is currently a beta release and errors may still exist.\par
\par
\cf1\b Does DiaBase keep track of my items?\par
\cf2\b0 Yes but only to the point of the first import of Etal logs, after that there is no ongoing automated item monitoring.\par
The key here is if you move an item or trade the item you MUST either remove it from the database or tell it which char now has the item. Thats the main point of this program, to assist the user keep track and maintain the database.\par
\par
\cf1\b My Char Just stored items in a new mule, why cant I import them or see them in my database?\par
\cf2\b0 The scripts are designed that when muling logs are stored in the folder, D2NT\\scripts\\AMS\\MuleLogs, until they are full then the log is placed into the folder,\cf0\f2\fs21  \cf2\f0\fs24 D2NT\\scripts\\AMS\\MuleInventory.\par
Imports only occur when logs are written to the MuleInventory folder, otherwise duplication of items will occur and render the database unreliable.\par
If you want to check what items have been muled but not yet imported you can open the files in the D2NT\\scripts\\AMS\\MuleLogs folder using notepad or preferably Notepad++.\par
\par
\cf1\b Why use Notepad++?\par
\cf2\b0 It is a far superior application than windows notepad, some etal scripts are not formatted correctly making them difficult to read.\par
\par
\cf1\b Does the program contain bugs?\par
\cf2 DiaBase\b0  is beta still and although has advanced a lot there is some things that still need to be added/corrected during further developement. \par
Having said that we have worked hard developing and re-developing the app to refine functionality while making the code as rubust and error free as possible.\par
\par
\cf1\b Can I help with developement and coding or testing?\par
\cf2\b0 We would be grateful for all inputs to making this program better and that means getting feedback from users either positive or negative.\par
Bug reports will be vital to progressing and eliminating problems so that you can keep track of those mountains of mules your gathering.\par
\par
\cf1\b What\rquote s the benefits of this program?\par
\cf2\b0 Many, but the main benefits are "Where is that item? what Mule was it on? What account is the mule in?, Do i even have one of those? \b DiaBase\b0  provides quick answers to these questions. It also offers a single platform that allows you manage and reference all your items across all your accounts at the same moment in time.\par
\par
\cf1\b What happens to the original log files?\par
\cf2\b0 They are moved to the Archive folder where \b DiaBase \b0 application is found. And can be moved back to the D2NT\\scripts\\AMS\\MuleInventory folder if a database file becomes corrupted and a new import can be done to rebuild the database if needed. Reminder \endash  backup regularly \cf3\f3 J\cf2\f0\par
\par
\cf1\b Where can I leave feedback?\par
\cf2\b0 At the moment at projectetal.com is the best place to reach us.\par
\par
\b Cheers and Happy Botting from\par
AussieHack & Ned\par
\par
Dislaimer: \b0 This program is freeware and can be freely distributed. This application, at time of release, is free of viruses and malware to the best of our knowledge. This application does not connect to the internet.\b\par
}
 